c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\BookStore.WPF.exe.config
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Console.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\BookStore.WPF.exe
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\BookStore.WPF.pdb
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\BookStore.WebAPI.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\BookStore.WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\BookStore.WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\BookStore.WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\BookStore.WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\BookStore.WPF.g.resources
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\BookStore.WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\BookStore.WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\BookStore.WPF.exe
c:\users\thiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore\BookStore.WPF\obj\Debug\BookStore.WPF.pdb
